Replace pdm with uv (#52)
microsoft/cookie-doh: docs/repo_structure.md

This will set up VSCode with convenient settings and recommended extensions.
* Put your python code in `src/{{project_name}}`, tests in `test/test_{{project_name}}`,
and markdown documentation in `docs`.
* When you run `uv add` or `uv run`, it will install the `src` package in editable mode, so every package
and module you add will be available to import locally in your project.
* Add new dependencies to `pyproject.toml` or

> run `uv add <package>` to add a new dependency. Run `uv lock upgrade` to update all dependencies in the lock file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run `uv add <package>` to add a new dependency. Run `uv lock --upgrade` to update all dependencies in the lock file.
```

```

* Pre-commit is a tool to run code formatting and linting before committing changes.

> You can run `uvx pre-commit run --all-files` to run a bunch of checks manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run `pre-commit run --all-files` to run a bunch of checks manually (after having installed it with `uv tool pre-commit --with pre-commit uv; pre-commit install --install-hooks`).
```

Author: I think you mean this:

```diff
-uv tool pre-commit --with pre-commit uv
+uv tool install pre-commit --with pre-commit-uv
```
